What's wrong? Are you okay?
It's OK.
Isn't it cute?
Yes.
This is a big gift that my father spent a lot of money to give me.
Ask a top designer to design it specifically for me
Is it cool?
You wait a moment.
Why can't you do it?
I will help you.
Any.
Come up here.
Feet up here.
Put your hands down and hold on tight or it won't be safe.
I have a car.
Of course.
This technique of mine is top notch.
This.
What? Tomorrow is empty at 12 noon.
I invite you to come to Long Son hotel for dinner.
Rural hotel spends more than one million
He can't afford to buy a bottle of water.
This.
Exit
I am Pho Kien Nien.
Help me book a room at Long Xuyen hotel.
What's the problem with the deputy general director of reservations?
Goodbye.
Miss, you're back.
I'm married.
But the groom is not the living room.
Tomorrow noon help me prepare the restaurant on the top floor.
I want to invite my newlywed husband to dinner.
Okay, no problem.
Tomorrow at 12 noon, 9 people will come to eat.
All of them give me twelve spiritual parts.
Got it?
Hello.
What do you say Ms. Lam looks like?
I don't know either.
Who said they want to reach the top later?
Who is the eldest lady?
Help me stop the car.
Take me to the top floor.
Could this outfit be a great lady?